{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16600\viewh18280\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Chapter 3 First class and higher order functions
\b0 \
\
Higher order functions are closely related to first class functions. Higher order-functions and first-class functions both allow functions as arguments and results of other functions.\
\
The distinction between the two is subtle: higher-order describes a mathematical concept of functions that operate on other functions while first-class is a computer science term that describes programming languages that have no restrictions on their use.\
\
In JavaScript, functions are objects. This means that like any other object, functions can be assigned to variables, stored in data structures, passed as arguments to functions or returned as a result from some other function.\
\

\b Chapter 3.1 Higher-order functions\

\b0 \
In JavaScript it\'92s often useful to write a function that accepts other functions as arguments. This is called a 
\i higher-order function 
\i0 (HOF).\
\

\b Example 3.1 Sorting?
\b0 \
\

\b Chapter 3.2 Currying\

\b0 \
Currying is a technique in which a function is applied to it\'92s arguments one at a time, with each application returning a new function that accepts the next argument. \
This allows to succintly express, for example, the successor function as the addition operator partially applied to the natural number one.\

\b \
Example 3.2 Removing an element from a data grid (React)\
\
Chapter 3.3 Higher-order components\
\

\b0 A higher-order component (HOC) is an advanced technique in React for reusing component logic. HOCs are not part of the React API, but a pattern that emerges from React\'92s compositional nature.\
\
Don\'92t use HOCs within the render method of a component. The problem isn\'92t just about performance, remounting a component causes the state of that component and all of it\'92s children to be lost.
\b \
\
Example 3.3.1 Feature flagging\

\b0 Cross-cutting concerns can be implemented using HOCs.
\b \
\
Example 3.3.2 Width provider}